Adds a maximum message size for RDP messages and adds the tdp Notification message (#18131)
gravitational/teleport: rfd/0037-desktop-access-protocol.md

#### 9 - error

```

> | message type (9) | message_length uint32 | message []byte | fatal bool

Reviewer: Any compatibility issues here? We need to support the old message too since w_d_s may be older than the proxy.

Author: (Ah yes, I knew there was something I was forgetting to add to the description). 

I was going to write that it should work fine, because the first section of the message structure remains the same and in practice we only ever decode Errors on the frontend, whose client would just ignore the additional `fatal`. But now that I'm double checking, I realized that we're calling `decodeClipboardData` now from the proxy (via `ReadRaw()`), which will error if the message is in the old format.

Will experiment and come up with a way to account for that.

#### 9 - error

```
| message type (9) | message_length uint32 | message []byte |
```

This message indicates an error has occurred.

#### 28 - notification

```

> | message type (28) | message_length uint32 | message []byte | severity byte

Reviewer: message_length includes the severity byte, right? or is it the length of the string?

Let's specify since it's unclear what you mean by "message" here - it could be the "notification message" or it could be the "message field" in the "notification message"

Author: It's just the length of the string. We're not entirely consistent within this RFD, but in 0067 I began always calling the length of `<name> []byte` fields `<name>_length`. E.g. see

```
| message type (21) | completion_id uint32 | directory_id uint32 | path_length uint32 | path []byte | offset uint64 | write_data_length uint32 | write_data []byte |
```

I'll add a note here to clarify.

```

> This message sends a notification message with a severity level.

Reviewer: Let's mention that it's sent from Teleport to the browser.

`severity` defines the severity of the `message`:

> - `0` is for an error

Reviewer: 0 for error just seems odd. 0 indicates success in almost every protocol/API I can think of. Can  we skip over 0 and make 1 error, 2 warning, 3 informational ?

Author: I don't want to skip 0 because we use it in other enums i.e. in the mouse wheel scroll message
```
`axis` identifies which axis the scroll happened on:
- `0` is vertical scroll
- `1` is horizontal scroll
```

How about 0 info, 1 warning, 2 error?

#### 9 - error

```
| message type (9) | message_length uint32 | message []byte |
```

This message indicates an error has occurred.

#### 28 - notification

```
| message type (28) | message_length uint32 | message []byte | severity byte |
```

> This message sends a notification message with a severity level. Sent from server to client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This message sends a notification message with a severity level. Sent from Teleport to browser.
```

I don't like using server client here, because it's confusing. The "server" in this case is Teleport, but when it comes to RDP Teleport is the RDP client..

Author: I don't agree that RDP is relevant here because this is a TDP specification document. It means "sent from TDP server to TDP client".
